MEETINGS:

Charity group

Commission invites charities, trustees and their advisers to attend its Annual
Public Meeting on 15 December 2015.

The meeting will be chaired by William Shawcross, chairman of the Charity Commission,
who will also open the meeting. Attendees will then hear from the regulator’s new
Chief Executive, Paula Sussex, on the Commission’s work over the last year and her
plans for the coming months.

The meeting will also include a lecture from the renowned historian and author 
Dr Frank Prochaska on ‘The State of Charity’. Dr Prochaska, a former lecturer 
in British history at Yale, will also invite attendees to comment and discuss the topic.

The event is to be held at Church House in Westminster BC from 4pm to 6pm and will be 
followed by a drinks reception.

The meeting is free to attend. To book a place please email publicmeetings@charitycommission.com





Shareholder meeting

Invitation to the Shareholders’ Meeting
Blue Pumpkin („Company“)
with its registered office in Redmont, California

I n v i t a t i o n to the 15-th
Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of our Company
to be held on Wednesday,
April 24, 2016 at 11:00 a.m.
(CEST) in the Radisson BLU Palais
Hotel California 

Agenda:
1. Presentation of the adopted annual financial statements and the management
report and corporate governance report, consolidated financial statements and
group management report, each as of December 31, 2015, presentation of the
proposal for the use of profits, and of t
he report of the Supervisory Board on the
business year 2015
2. Adopting a resolution on the use of the net profit shown in the 2015 annual
financial statements
3. Adopting a resolution on discharge of the Members of the Management Board
for the business year 2015
4. Adopting a resolution on discharge of the Members of the Supervisory Board for
the business year 2015
5. Adopting a resolution on the compensation of members of the Supervisory
Board
6. Election of three members to the Supervisory Board
7. Election of the auditor of the annual financial statements and consolidated
financial statements for the business year 2016
Invitation to the Shareholders’ Meeting
Opportunity for shareholders to inspect records pursuant to section 108 sub-sections 3 and 4
of the Stock Corporations Act

                    We ar looking forward to seeing you



Union conference

Hello all fellow NESUits!
The Conference is getting closer and so does the Union meeting held on Friday the 9th of November
at 3pm at the University of Oulu, Finland. Here's the agenda for the meeting, there are some very
important ones regarding the criteria of choosing Conference participants, as well as choosing a
new president, so every NESU-member is encouraged to attend, even if not a part of the conference itself.

Things to think of before the conference: We need a new president and the host for next Autumns conference!
If any volunteers arise please contact me ASAP at president@bluepumpkin.com so I get a view of the situation.

 

BluePumpkin Union meeting Winter 2015 Agenda:

1) Opening the meeting
2) Choosing the chairperson and secretary for the meeting
3) Approval of the Agenda
4) State of the union (the President of NESU)
5) Criteria and recommendations for choosing the Conference participants
6) Introduction of the Tallinn spring 2015 Conference
7) Closing the meeting



IT meeting (.Net)

About us
Welcome to BluePumpkin .NET (dotnet) Developers Community
Hi there, The .NET has been Open Sourced since November 2014 and as community, we would like to share
our expertise to others. This group is OPEN FOR ALL developers (Windows, Linux, Mac OS) or for anyone
who wants to know or try .NET. Or if you are a passionate, a .NET enthusiast, or interested in developing 
software application using .NET Open Source ecosystem and its related technologies. You can meet many of 
.NET expert, masters, even Microsoft MVP's in this community. If you happen to be a C#, VB.NET, WPF, 
Windows 10/Windows 10 Mobile, ASP.NET5, WebAPI, SignalR, Microsoft Roslyn C#, Microsoft Azure, server-side, 
etc. this community is certainly for you and you should join in. Development using .NET is very exciting, 
easy and it's Open Source now. We welcome to all developers for the new era of .NET related development 
and for non .NET developers as well. Try .NET. Yes, we do IoT as well using Raspberry PI 2 Model B, Arduino, 
etc. Come and join us! .NET Core for Windows, Linux and Mac The .NET Core project is under the stewardship of
the .NET Foundation. We believe that to be a critical part in promoting and advancing the .NET Core stack.
You can create all of back-end codes and client side using C# and .NET for cross-platform and multi-platform 
(Xamarin, Unity 3D, Mono, etc.). One framework, one language that works for all platform and devices. • More libraries. Consider the subset we have today a down-payment on what is to come. The goal is to open source the entire .NET Core library stack by Build 2015. • Building and running on non-Windows platforms. We currently only provide the ability to build and run on Windows. We intend to build a public working group between us and the Mono community once we have enough code out there. Stay tuned! • .NET Core Runtime is Open Sourced and publicly available on GitHub! .NET Foundation Projects Notes: This community is a public community in Singapore and not affiliated nor related to any corporate entities. 


Financial meeeting

Annual Financial Meeting 2015
The Annual Financial Meeting for the 2015/2016 financial year will be held at Congress Center Rosengarten, 
Rosengartenplatz 2, 68161 Mannheim, Germany, at 10:00 a.m. on Tuesday 14 July 2015.
Presentation of the adopted annual financial statements and the management report (including the explanatory 
report on disclosures in accordance with § 289 (sections 4 and 5) of the German Commercial Code (HGB)) for 
the 2014/15 financial year, the approved consolidated financial statements and the group management report 
(including the explanatory report on disclosures in accordance with § 315 (section 4) HGB) for the 2014/15 financial
year and the report of the supervisory board

Approval of the members of the executive board for the 2015/16 financial year
Approval of the members of the supervisory board for the 2015/16 financial year
Election of the auditor and the group auditor for the 2016/17 financial year
Election to the supervisory board
Authorisation for the purchase of own shares including appropriation in exclusion of the pre-emptive right



Company vision meeting

Dear Colleagues,Visionary and VISION 2020 UK Conference 2015 

We are delighted to invite you to this year’s Visionary Conference, co-hosted by Visionary and VISION 2020 UK
on 20-21 October in Edinburgh.
This year’s theme is ‘Leading for Change – Delivering the Future Together’ which is reflected throughout the 
16 workshops on offer to delegates over the two-day programme.  The workshops will cover a range of topics 
including children, fundraising, rehabilitation and research.
The conference is designed to provide networking and learning opportunities for local societies, national charities
and other professions. We hope all delegates can share and take away learnings from the two days to improve the 
quality of service provided to people with sight loss across the UK.

This is the sixth annual Visionary Conference and this year has been designed to provide more benefits to delegates,
including extended information sharing and some new highlights.
Please find attached, the programme for this year’s conference which is subject to change.



GAMES:

Games meeting:

AboutUs:
Game Night is a board game/card game group. We welcome new players, with or without experience... 
bring your favourite games, or just show up and play somebody else's! We meet all throughout 
the month at various locations and game store. Or if you want to be especially daring, become an 
organizer yourself and create events all over the place! Our members bring all sorts of games - 
check out http://www.boardgamegeek.com 'Hot Games' sidebar, to get an idea of the kind of games 
typically played at the meetups.  As well, check out the Watch it Played video series on YouTube 
to get a great idea about how these types of games play out. We have physical space  for upwards 
of 30 players or so depending on the venue, and anywhere between 6 and 35 people attend any given 
meetup, running 2 - 7 tables per night. Check out the calendar section to find out when and where 
the next meetup is taking place! Hope to see you there. We also support various other gaming 
organizations in the city such as Let it Roll, HalCon, Gelatinous Dudes and others. If you have a 
event you want listed, you can become a member and suggest it or email one of the Leadership Team 
and they can add it for you!

Football

About us
With more than 3,000 members we are the largest flag football group in the world.  We are a co-ed 
group of flag football fanatics.   Our league is 100% FREE.  No fees or donations required!  We
welcome novice and experienced adult players of all ages.  Our motto is safety first, then sportsmanship,
fun, exercise, and competition.  Come make new friends, have fun, and get great exercise at the beach. 
This meetup page is dedicated to our "competitive league."  However, our group   also offers FREE weekly
"pick-up games" EVERY Saturday and Sunday at 11 AM 52 weeks per year. Click on the link just below to join
our "sister" group if you want to play FREE "pick up" flag football. http://www.meetup.com/Santa-Monica-Co-
Ed-Beach-Flag-Footba…/ Twitter: @SMbeachfootball Instagram: SMbeachfootball 


Volleyball

 Dear members This group is about playing volley-ball outdoors, having fun but mostly playing volley-ball. 
 We play in the pelouse de Bercy. There is no competition but serious playing, level is intermediate with 
 some good players. One should be at a decent level to come and join us. Apologies for thoses who will be 
 removed from the group. New rules for summer volley : - Due to high demand, your spot is not guaranteed after
 30minutes, as many people ask us to play on site, it's hard to say no or to kick them out after 1 hour, we 
 cannot wait for everyone forever... - Also, if you're not registered, you're not supposed to come, too difficult
 to manage for us, you have to respect the slots - No-shows are removed from the group. Only click yes, if you
 can make it for sure The organisers 
 
COMPETIOTIONS:

Christmas Raffle

A Christmas raffle offers a fund-raising option with a festive twist. A raffle with a holiday theme 
works on its own or as part of a larger fundraiser for the group.



Chess tournament

About us
Love to play chess already? Want to learn how? Want to meet new people? Join us! We welcome members
of all levels! We are a friendly group and you will get a warm welcome from the first time you come
to one of our events. We make it a point to ensure you can always find us and that any questions you
have are answered. The events themselves are typically informal and people show up and play anyone
who wants to get a new game started. Some people like to play regular long games and others like speed 
games. We have strong players and those that just know the basics. Recommendations from members of 
convenient locations and times are welcomed. We usually meet somewhere like Panera but occasionally 
may change it up to meet at a nice bar or somewhere we can play outside. Thus far events usually happen 
once a month and have a good turn out so that everyone gets to play a few games. 

Employee of the Month

The UAB Employee of the Month Program seeks to recognize and reward those staff members whose 
contributions best exemplify these traits. In doing so, we not only show appreciation for outstanding
individual achievement, but more importantly, we communicate to all, publicly and consistently, the 
significance of these values to the University.  Included among the values essential to achieving 
Blue Pumpkin’s mission and vision are Accountability, Collaboration, Service, Commitment, Diversity,
Can-do Attitude and Ethical Conduct.
